1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
	
	Looks like a government site containing a large amount of public data sets, perfect for this kind of class.

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
	
	 the exact text is "402,373 datasets found" it actually displayed 20 of them on the first page.

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?

	Initially seeing a lot of food price data bases, in human health since everyone needs fuel.
	
 
4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

	can just click the publisher link on the left hand side

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.

6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

	nothing for city or county, got hits for town of Cary NC with 63 data sets and town of chapel hill with 36.


7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?

	17 results
		vs
	229 results



a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.

	makes sense

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
Year Up United Data Analyst Training Academy Week 1 Lab Workbook


a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?

	Butter has a couple hits in terms of variations and leaking into unwanted results like almond butter.

	Spinach returns baby and mature

	Only raw returns for broccoli

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?

	they have latest releases and then a section for archived versions of the data some of the data sets even reach up to 3 gigs. #kinda want to look at them now, if I remember to I'll come back and add something here later.

9. When you are finished, make sure your changes to Ex3B_ExploringPublicData.txt are
saved.

10. Using Git Bash, commit and push your changes to the DataAnalytics rep